Karnataka College of Nursing

Karnataka College of Nursing was established in the year 2003 and has been recognized by Govt. of Karnataka, Karnataka Nursing Council & Indian Nursing Council and affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Science, Karnataka. The college is a prime contributor in moulding quality nursing professional, for future. The institution has grown as an academic hub for Indian and foreign aspirants. A team of core faculty at the college with right mix of qualification, experience and enthusiasm ensures timely academic progress and mentoring of students community. Located in India's high technology capital, we are in close proximity to some of the leading corporate health care providers, giving us the added advantage of integrating class room knowledge with practical experience.

Aaliyah College of Nursing
The institute operates in a building of over 1 lakh sq.ft that is situated in a beautiful campus at Ullal, Mangalore. With the excellent clinical facilities offered at parent hospital, Aaliyah multi specialty hospital and District wenlock hospital , the students have gained exposure and training, necessary for their profession .
https://aaliyahcollege.in/
https://youtu.be/Uo59sz--VoM?si=ILsNt7FhXxPbayvn


Sreenivasa

“Abhisheka sukta defines life as being meaningful and a source of inspiration to fellow beings. The only right way of leading human life is by serving mankind”.

The Srinivas Group of colleges was set up under the banner of A. Shama Rao Foundation in the year 1988 by Shri Dr. CA A. Raghavendra Rao a well-known and leading Chartered accountant of Mangaluru.

The founder, late Shri A. Shama Rao, born in 1909 at Aroor, a village in Udupi Taluk got his early education in Katapady, Udupi and Mangalore and later obtained B.A. and L.T. Degrees from Madras University.

There is a woman behind the success of every man. Smt. Indiramma Shama Rao supported the founder in all walks of life not just being his wife, but a friend philosopher and guide.

Late Shri A. Shama Rao began his illustrious teaching career in Mangalore in 1939. He was the founder Headmaster of the well-known S.V.H. Higher Secondary Residential School from 1943 to 1956. He retired as Headmaster of B.E.M. High School, Mangalore in 1969.

Even after retirement, he continued to be active in the field of education and social service. He passed away at the age of 83, on 28th December 1992. Smt. Indiramma Shama Rao passed away on 5th December 2009 at the ripe age of 92.

It was the firm belief of the founder Shri. Adka Shama Rao and Smt. Indiramma that education is a tool to transform society. Today, the foundation sponsors a plethora of educational institutions which constantly strives to realize their dreams and ideas. A. Shama Rao Foundation was established with the avowed aim of imparting education which could mould the character of the students and make them responsible citizens of the country.

A Shama Rao foundation’s, Srinivas group of colleges is an endeavour to develop a centre of excellence, imparting quality education, to generate competence and skill to meet the scientific, technological, managerial and socio economic challenges. The Foundation in its bi-decennial milestone serving mankind, manages a plethora of institutes and other social service organizations.

Excellence is the hallmark of Srinivas group of colleges. Excellence, which will deliver professional manpower to the industry and the nation at large. The Group has constantly strived to provide the best of the faculty members and state-of-the art facilities. The students are encouraged and supported not only to excel in academics, but also to develop their personality through co-curricular, extra-curricular and other extension activities.

Education is not just providing the powerful tool of knowledge to the young, but also nurturing an ethical conscience in them to apply it constructively. About 12,000 students in the 16 colleges of the Srinivas group spread in three campuses in Pandeshwar, Valachil and Mukka are being prepared for life by well qualified teaching and support staff.

“My aim is to transform Society through education by setting up academic institutions in dynamic equilibrium with its social, ecological and economic environment striving continuously for excellence in education, research and technological service to the nation.”

https://maps.app.goo.gl/ukknQ5S9VnAAfABo6
https://youtu.be/kUdnUzalQ8Q?si=wVTgjrNZgDmN5yqj


Christ college
CHRIST, also known as Christ College and Christ University, is a deemed-to-be-university located in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.[6] Founded in 1969 as Christ College, the UGC conferred autonomy to the college in 2004. On 22 July 2008, it was declared as an institution deemed to be university under section 3 of UGC Act 1956 by the Ministry of Education, Government of India.